Docs: Mention npm link with Turbopack root (#86075)
vercel/next.js: docs/01-app/03-api-reference/05-config/01-next-config-js/turbopack.mdx

Turbopack uses the root directory to resolve modules. Files outside of the project root are not resolved.

> The reason files are not resolved outside of the project root is to improve cache validation, filesystem watching, and to reduce the number of resolving steps needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reason files are not resolved outside of the project root is to improve cache validation, reduce filesystem watching overhead, and reduce the number of resolving steps needed.
```

}
```

> When using `npm link` where the package linked is outside of the project root, those files would not be resolved. For that case you can set the root to the parent directory of both the project and the linked package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To resolve files from linked dependencies outside the project root (via `npm link`, `yarn link`, `pnpm link`, etc.), you must configure the `turbopack.root` to the parent directory of both the project and the linked dependencies.

While this expands the scope of filesystem watching, it's typically only necessary during development when actively working on linked packages.
```
